Refs #510 -- Added content to CRC721 NFT Tutorial (#552)
Conflux-Chain/conflux-documentation: docs/core/tutorials/nft-tutorials/crc721.md

    })
    .executed();

  console.log(
    `Contract deployment ${
      receipt.outcomeStatus === 0 ? "succeeded" : "failed"
    }`
  );

  console.log("ConfluxCRC721NFT deployed to:", receipt.contractCreated);
}

main()
  .then(() => process.exit(0))
  .catch((error) => {
    console.error(error);
    process.exit(1);
  });
```

Deploy the contract by running:

```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.js --network cfxTestnet
```

## Step 6: Minting an NFT

To mint an NFT, you can use a script that interacts directly with the `mint` function in your smart contract. This script will mint an NFT to a specified address.

Create another script in the `scripts` folder and name it `mintNFT.js`:

This script sets the URI of a specific token, where `YOUR_CONTRACT_ADDRESS` is the address of your deployed NFT contract and `NFT_RECEIVER_ADDRESS` is the address of the NFT you want mint to.

```javascript
const hre = require("hardhat");

async function main() {
  const signers = await hre.conflux.getSigners();
  const defaultAccount = signers[0];

  const contractAddress = "YOUR_CONTRACT_ADDRESS";
  const recipientAddress = "NFT_RECEIVER_ADDRESS"; // Address to receive the NFT

>   const tokenURI = "https://yourdomain.com/metadata/1.json"; // The metadata URI for the NFT

Reviewer: It is quite hard to configure a token URI from scratch. Would suggest to provide a template toke uri here
```suggestion
  const tokenURI = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/conflux-fans/dual-space-nft-metadata/main/2023040104"; //  Replace the example tokenURI with the actual metadata URI for the NFT
```
